steady
to be surrounded by walls is simply
incredible it's not something that I'm
at all fearful of because I've seen that
the true wolf the real wolf doesn't at
all live up the stereotype they are not
a mindless ruthless killer they are an
incredibly caring doting family remember
the most important thing to them is
looking after their family looking after
their young getting this close to
scruffy and the pots convinces me that
you can connect with wild wolves hey how
you doing
it's such a privilege to get to know
these intriguing predators
that they're so relaxed is truly
extraordinary
having a steer off with a wolf he is
unbelievable
and I really worry not just for the pops
but for the rest of the family all these
beautiful creatures you know what does
the future hold for them this is a place
that is wild beyond belief
I think wolves symbolize more than
anything
not just the wild but too close
selphie your total above me you're
looking in a playful mood
gosh that is incredibly close I could
reach out and touch you there's a small
stick that's as big as sticks come
around these parts then whose tree is a
thousand miles to the south
fetch look at this
a relationship with wolves is so full of
fear and distrust but it doesn't need to
be this must have been what it was like
when man and wolf first made
when there was no fear just curiosity